Streamline KD & QAD transformers Trainers (#708)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-Model-Optimizer: examples/llm_qat/README.md

Reviewer: Can we make `fsdp2` the default in the scripts and avoid having to specify `--backend fsdp2`?

> **_NOTE:_** `launch.sh` defaults to use `LlamaDecoderLayer` as the transformer layer class. If your model uses a different class, you need to pass `--fsdp_transformer_layer_cls_to_wrap <your_layer_class>` to the `launch.sh` script. For example, for `Qwen/Qwen3-8B`, specify `--fsdp_transformer_layer_cls_to_wrap Qwen3DecoderLayer` as an additional argument.

> > **_NOTE:_** The script defaults to using FSDP1. To use FSDP2, pass "--backend=fsdp2" to the `launch.sh` script. Note that FSDP2 is less stable than FSDP1 currently. Use it with caution.

Author: I doubt it, but I don't have proof. I don't have proof that it is less stable either.

   --quant_cfg NVFP4_DEFAULT_CFG \
   --do_train True \
   --output_dir llama-qad \
   --distill True \
   --backend fsdp2
```

> > **_NOTE:_** QAD doesn't support original FSDP - only FSDP2. It also requires quantization to be applied before the FSDP wrapper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** QAD doesn't support FSDP1 (https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/fsdp.html)  - only FSDP2. It also requires quantization to be applied before the FSDP wrapper.
```

> > **_NOTE:_** QAD doesn't support FSDP1 (<https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/fsdp.html>)  - only FSDP2. It also requires quantization to be applied before the FSDP wrapper.

Reviewer: Can we remove `It also requires quantization to be applied before the FSDP wrapper.` -> This is a detail and could confuse users.

```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_** QAD doesn't support FSDP1 (<https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/stable/fsdp.html>)  - only FSDP2.
```
